Document new uploads_filename options (#109)
CloudCannon/platform-documentation: articles/adjusting-the-uploads-path.mdx

The placeholders are processed when the new asset is added. This means that changes to front matter or data after adding an asset file are not updated for that processed upload path.

### Filename placeholders

* `[asset_filename]` is the full name of uploaded file (e.g. "my-document.pdf").
* `[asset_filename_without_ext]` is filename without any extension (e.g. "my-document").
* `[asset_ext]` is the file's extension without a "." (e.g. "png").
* `[count]` becomes a hyphen and number if the processed file path clashes with an existing file (e.g. `my-document-1.pdf`)

> You can use filters to transform these placeholders. For example `[asset_filename|slugify].[asset_ext]` with turn "My Document.pdf" into "my-document.pdf". You can read more about using placeholders, and see a list of all available filters, [in this article](/documentation/articles/configuring-with-placeholders/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use filters to transform these placeholders. For example `[asset_filename|slugify].[asset_ext]` will covert "My Document.pdf" into "my-document.pdf". You can read more about using placeholders, and see a list of all available filters, [in this article](/documentation/articles/configuring-with-placeholders/).
```
